c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.net35.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.reporters.net452.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\GetOutFromSmogTests.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\GetOutFromSmogTests.pdb
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\GetOutFromSmog_.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\GetOutFromSmog_.pdb
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.xml
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\obj\Debug\GetOutFromSmogTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\obj\Debug\GetOutFromSmogTests.dll
c:\users\filip555\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GetOutFromSmog_\GetOutFromSmogTests\obj\Debug\GetOutFromSmogTests.pdb
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.net35.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.reporters.net452.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\GetOutFromSmogTests.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\GetOutFromSmogTests.pdb
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\GetOutFromSmog_.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\GetOutFromSmog_.pdb
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.xml
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\obj\Debug\GetOutFromSmogTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\obj\Debug\GetOutFromSmogTests.dll
C:\Users\filipek\Desktop\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmog\GetOutFromSmogTests\obj\Debug\GetOutFromSmogTests.pdb
